docs: change to a take home task (#1)
matchesfashion/acme-supermarket: README.md

# ACME Supermarket

Build a client-side interactive shopping basket.

The application should allow you to add the following products to your basket:

| Product Code | Name | Price |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `FR1` | Fruit tea | £3.11 |
| `SR1` | Strawberries | £5.00 |
| `CF1` | Coffee | £11.23 |

The basket should automatically apply the following promotions:

- Buy-one-get-one-free for Fruit Tea

> - Buy three or more Strawberries and the unit price drops to £4.50

Reviewer: I think we need to specify that each unit in those three drop price, something like:

```suggestion
- The unit price for Strawberries drops to £4.50 when there are three or more in the basket
```
